Master, this misunderstanding.
This is a misunderstanding, right right right right right right
It's all a misunderstanding.
Don't take it personally.
Mrs Lee.
That's not good.
It's also because you grew up.
Say something.
Mother-in-law.
Thousands of mistakes are our fault.
Can you just let us go for the sake of the future?
Van Hieu, please, Mom.
How is that possible?
I knew early today.
Why at first
What else can you say now?
Hey, hey, Master Liu
It's all a misunderstanding.
Today's story is all about King Security and Su family.

Haha, Wei, you're not wrong, that's right.
We don't want to be involved.
It's really unfair.
Even so.
What we did today wasn't very thoughtful.
I crashed into it before I found it, ma'am.
It's our fault.
But also deceived by others.
Hai Ham please
The Zheng family agreed to compensate Ms. Li.
If the lady requests anything.
The staff will do their best to satisfy you.
You're welcome.
That's right.
Our Lady and our King.
Oh my God, we're to blame today for believing that kid's words.
Otherwise, we can't confront the lady.
It's all a misunderstanding.
misunderstanding
A misunderstanding is a misunderstanding.
If there is a misunderstanding
Then I'm not going to go into it.
Guys.
Cut yourself off.